♪
c0000001
[wheels rattling]
c0000002
♪
c0000003
[HIMMEL]
Frieren.
c0000004
♪
c0000005
The royal capital's in sight.
c0000006
They’re celebrating
the triumphant return
c0000007
of their heroes.
c0000008
I can feel the excitement
from here.
c0000009
[wheels rattling]
c0000010
[HIMMEL] We'll have to start
looking for work soon.
c0000011
You're already concerned
about employment?
c0000012
As we all should be.
c0000013
Slaying the Demon King
was one chapter,
c0000014
but read on,
c0000015
for we've stories yet to tell
and lives yet to live.
c0000016
[EISEN]
Lives full of work.
c0000017
I would take any job
they let me drink on.
c0000018
[HIMMEL]
Very priestly, sir.
c0000019
[all laughing]
c0000020
I suppose you're right.
c0000021
Frieren, the life
that lies ahead of you
c0000022
will be far longer
than the rest of us could know
c0000023
or that we could begin
to comprehend.
c0000024
Yes, perhaps.
c0000025
♪
c0000026
[crowd cheering]
c0000027
[chuckles]
c0000028
[crowd cheering]
c0000029
[KING]
Himmel the Hero.
c0000030
Eisen the Warrior.
c0000031
Heiter the Priest.
c0000032
And Frieren the Mage.
c0000033
You have
our wholehearted thanks
c0000034
for defeating the Demon King.
c0000035
Your efforts
have launched our world
c0000036
into an age of prosperity
and peace.
c0000037
[fireworks]
c0000038
[crowd cheering]
c0000039
[children laughing]
c0000040
[gasps]
c0000041
My.
c0000042
Rumor has it that the King
is going to erect statues
c0000043
of us in the plaza.
c0000044
Though, I doubt they'll be able
to capture the complexities
c0000045
of my good looks
in a piece of stone.
c0000046
How I pity the poor sculptor.
c0000047
It's a self-serving tribute.
c0000048
When we left,
he was only willing
c0000049
to offer up ten copper coins.
c0000050
-[slurps]
-[chomps]
c0000051
Aw, don't keep your head
in the past.
c0000052
Tonight,
the gallant adventurers
c0000053
drink for free!
c0000054
I would say that makes us even,
wouldn't you?
c0000055
I'm not a corrupt priest.
c0000056
[laughing]
c0000057
[indistinct chatter]
c0000058
It's over, isn't it?
c0000059
Indeed.
c0000060
This is the moment
our grand adventure ends.
c0000061
Ten years together.
c0000062
We've been through the thick,
the thin, and then some.
c0000063
The day we departed,
c0000064
Himmel and Eisen's disrespect
toward the King
c0000065
landed them moments away
from execution.
c0000066
One misstep, and our journey
would've ended there.
c0000067
Hm. Mm-hmm.
c0000068
Do you remember the time
c0000069
Heiter's bottle ache
rendered him all but useless?
c0000070
[groans]
c0000071
You've gone nearly as pallid
as an undead.
c0000072
Are you passing?
c0000073
-Yes.
-Alas, a shame indeed.
c0000074
[EISEN] Hm. That was
a weekly occurrence.
c0000075
-[laughs]
-Well, I was exceptional
c0000076
in every way.
c0000077
[EISEN] We debated
leaving you behind
c0000078
when you fell
for that mimic, you know.
c0000079
We repeatedly told her
it was a trap
c0000080
and yet here we are.
c0000081
[EISEN]
Is it time to lose the elf?
c0000082
[all laughing]
c0000083
Looking back,
c0000084
our memories
sound terrible, don't they?
c0000085
[indistinct chatter]
c0000086
[HIMMEL]
But I had fun.
c0000087
You made this quest
the journey of my lifetime.
c0000088
Thank you, all.
c0000089
I feel the same way.
c0000090
Our adventure
was a mere ten years.
c0000091
"A mere ten?"
c0000092
But that's a full decade
spent on one job.
c0000093
I mean, look at Heiter.
c0000094
He's turned into an old man
right before our eyes.
c0000095
That's not nice.
c0000096
He always looked like that.
c0000097
Even less nice.
c0000098
[chomps]
c0000099
Hm?
c0000100
[indistinct chatter]
c0000101
It's nearly time.
c0000102
[indistinct chatter]
c0000103
We're here on a special night.
How enchanting.
c0000104
[HIMMEL] The Era Meteor shower
happens once every 50 years.
c0000105
Our era of peace
couldn't be welcomed
c0000106
in a more perfect way.
c0000107
[indistinct chatter]
c0000108
[HIMMEL]
Beautiful.
c0000109
[FRIEREN] The view from inside
the city isn't very good.
c0000110
[HIMMEL] I'm trying
to have a moment here.
c0000111
Don't spoil the mood.
c0000112
[indistinct chatter]
c0000113
Next time, then.
c0000114
Hm?
c0000115
I know a good place.
c0000116
I'll take us there
when the opportunity arises
c0000117
in 50 years.
c0000118
[laughs]
c0000119
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
c0000120
Nothing in the world.
c0000121
So, it's a plan.
c0000122
Fifty years from now.
c0000123
[wind whooshing]
c0000124
[bird chirping]
c0000125
I suppose I should be leaving.
c0000126
Mapped out your next adventure?
c0000127
For the next 100 years,
give or take.
c0000128
I intend to travel
around the central lands
c0000129
collecting new spells.
c0000130
Well, I'll be sure to stop by.
c0000131
The way elves see this world
is a mystery.
c0000132
Who knows how long she's been
a part of it by now?
c0000133
[HEITER] In her eyes,
50 or even 100 years
c0000134
must look like
a trifling thing.
c0000135
♪
c0000136
[fire crackling]
c0000137
♪
c0000138
[water burbling]
c0000139
[MALE SHOPKEEPER 1A]
Shadow dragon horns?
c0000140
I'm afraid we don't have
anything like that here.
c0000141
The last time I saw
a shadow dragon
c0000142
must've been a few decades ago.
c0000143
Ah. How unfortunate.
c0000144
I needed one for summoning.
c0000145
[FRIEREN]
Come to think of it,
c0000146
I took a horn
from the Demon King's Castle.
c0000147
I asked Himmel to store it.
c0000148
[HIMMEL]
You do see that it's exuding
c0000149
some sort of evil aura,
don't you?
c0000150
Is that dangerous to people?
c0000151
[FRIEREN]
Uh, I don't know.
c0000152
That's awfully reassuring.
c0000153
[FRIEREN]
The Era Meteor Shower
c0000154
should be circling around soon.
c0000155
I'll pick up the horn
when I visit.
c0000156
[wheels rattling]
c0000157
[indistinct chatter]
c0000158
The city's changed a fair bit
since I was here last.
c0000159
-[quacking]
-[grunts]
c0000160
[ducks quacking]
c0000161
[bird chirping]
c0000162
It should be
somewhere around here.
c0000163
[HIMMEL]
Frieren?
c0000164
Himmel, is that...?
c0000165
[walking stick thumping]
c0000166
You're near ancient.
c0000167
[HIMMEL]
Must you be so blunt?
c0000168
Uh...?
c0000169
Considering my advanced age,
I'm still quite handsome, yes?
c0000170
[chuckles]
c0000171
Hard to believe
it's been so long
c0000172
when you show up looking
the same as the day we met.
c0000173
I'd convinced myself
I would never see you again.
c0000174
The Era Meteor Shower.
c0000175
Such fond memories.
c0000176
About the item we looted
from the Demon King's castle.
c0000177
If you're referring
to the shadow dragon horn,
c0000178
I've thought about that
blasted thing every day
c0000179
since you left.
c0000180
My cabinet has been exuding
an evil aura for decades now.
c0000181
Sorry, I think.
c0000182
Though you do know
you could've stashed it
c0000183
in a shed
or something of the like.
c0000184
[HIMMEL]
I couldn't do that.
c0000185
[walking stick thumping]
c0000186
I realize you may not have
thought much of leaving
c0000187
your ominous prize
under my care,
c0000188
but in my eyes, this horn
was a treasure entrusted to me
c0000189
by a dear friend
for safekeeping.
c0000190
I had to keep it
in perfect condition
c0000191
until I could return it to you.
c0000192
It's truly nothing greater
than a convenient ingredient.
c0000193
[indistinct chatter]
c0000194
[birds chirping]
c0000195
[knocking on door]
c0000196
[door opens]
c0000197
[FRIEREN]
What's taking so long?
c0000198
You don't exactly have
any hair to fuss over.
c0000199
We bald men
have our particularities.
c0000200
-[indistinct chatter]
-[yawns]
c0000201
-[door creaking]
-[bell ringing]
c0000202
Quickly now.
c0000203
The Meteor Shower
won't wait for man nor elf.
c0000204
[walking stick thumping]
c0000205
[FRIEREN] You've grown
rather dignified, Heiter.
c0000206
[HEITER] As a bishop
of the holy city must!
c0000207
I'd return the compliment,
but change
c0000208
evades you.
[laughs]
c0000209
Thus, my head's
still not for patting.
c0000210
Hm. At least you're much
the same as ever, Eisen.
c0000211
[EISEN]
Funny. Is that how I seem?
c0000212
[FRIEREN]
You are a dwarf, after all.
c0000213
[HIMMEL]
Where is this place
c0000214
-of meteor viewing miracles?
-[FRIEREN] Hm?
c0000215
[HEITER]
We're headed there so soon?
c0000216
Isn't it a little ridiculous
to stake our claim
c0000217
to a spot so far in advance?
c0000218
[FRIEREN]
No.
c0000219
For our spot is about
a week's walk away.
c0000220
[EISEN]
To what have I agreed?
c0000221
[HIMMEL]
For shame.
c0000222
You should've learned
to respect your elders by now.
c0000223
♪
c0000224
[HIMMEL]
This brings back memories.
c0000225
Traveling together.
c0000226
It transports the soul
to a different time.
c0000227
A time when the world
was ours to discover.
c0000228
When each mark of life
on its surface...
c0000229
seemed so brilliant and new.
c0000230
♪
c0000231
[hound growls]
c0000232
[thudding]
c0000233
[growling]
c0000234
[thudding]
c0000235
[HIMMEL] As I brush
the dust off each memory,
c0000236
there you all appear,
c0000237
right behind my eyes.
c0000238
I have lived my life
c0000239
waiting for the day that we
would be together once more.
c0000240
I thank you, Frieren.
c0000241
It's solely because of you
c0000242
that this retired hero
could have one final adventure.
c0000243
♪
c0000244
[breathing shakily]
c0000245
Beautiful.
c0000246
♪
c0000247
c0000248
[footsteps approaching]
c0000249
♪
c0000250
Though he's gone, I do believe
he was happy when he left.
c0000251
I'm not sure.
c0000252
[people sniffling]
c0000253
[FEMALE ATTENDANT 1A] That girl
was one of Himmel's companions?
c0000254
I've yet to even see her frown.
c0000255
[FEMALE ATTENDANT 1B]
How heartless.
c0000256
[HEITER]
Oh, be fair, ladies!
c0000257
Not like we're racked
c0000258
-with grief, either!
-[laughs]
c0000259
[MALE ATTENDANT 1A]
Show some respect, Bishop!
c0000260
[MALE ATTENDANT 1B]
Have you no heart?
c0000261
[laughs]
How am I to know?
c0000262
[laughs]
c0000263
♪
c0000264
[bell ringing]
c0000265
[scraping]
c0000266
[FRIEREN]
In all truthfulness,
c0000267
I hardly knew
anything about him.
c0000268
[scraping]
c0000269
Ten years with him.
c0000270
[breathes shakily]
Wasn't nearly
c0000271
enough time to learn.
c0000272
[scraping]
c0000273
[FRIEREN] I was aware
that human lives are short.
c0000274
[sniffles]
But this?
c0000275
[breathes shakily]
Why didn't I try to...
c0000276
Try to better know
and understand you?
c0000277
[crying]
c0000278
My head
is still not for patting.
c0000279
[wheels rattling]
c0000280
[HEITER]
The holy city calls,
c0000281
and I shan't make them wait.
c0000282
Before I go,
let me get a good look.
c0000283
This will likely be
the last time that I see you.
c0000284
Why, are you unwell?
c0000285
My years of drinking
had to catch up
c0000286
with me at some point.
c0000287
[EISEN]
Divine retribution.
c0000288
[laughs]
c0000289
If either of you
find yourselves
c0000290
in the holy city, offer me
a bottle at my grave.
c0000291
Does the thought of dying
not cause you any fear?
c0000292
Hm.
c0000293
We're the party of adventurers
that saved the world.
c0000294
I like to think
our seats in Heaven
c0000295
have long been reserved.
c0000296
That's the whole reason
I fought alongside
c0000297
you ruffians
in the first place.
c0000298
You corrupt priest.
c0000299
[Heiter laughs]
c0000300
If you'll kindly excuse me.
c0000301
[wheels rattling]
c0000302
♪
c0000303
Well, I should be
on the road then, too.
c0000304
[EISEN]
Off to collect more spells?
c0000305
[FRIEREN]
Hm. There's that.
c0000306
But I also wish to learn
more about humankind.
c0000307
[EISEN]
Do you now?
c0000308
Speaking of,
I've a proposition for you.
c0000309
Though a mage
is quite powerful,
c0000310
she could be doubly so
with a warrior by her side.
c0000311
-Give me a break.
-Hm?
c0000312
I'm far too old to swing
an axe these days.
c0000313
♪
c0000314
[EISEN] Don't make
that face at me, Frieren.
c0000315
Once you've lost your vigor,
c0000316
your body slows,
c0000317
and your life
must slow with it.
c0000318
I see.
c0000319
We'll meet again
someday, Eisen.
c0000320
[EISEN]
Sure. Some day.
c0000321
♪
c0000322
[wind whooshing]
c0000323
I saw that tree earlier.
c0000324
These woods are always
quite the labyrinth.
c0000325
Where am I?
c0000326
♪
c0000327
[FERN]
You seem a bit lost, ma'am.
c0000328
♪
c0000329
Is there something
you're looking for?
c0000330
Yes. I'm trying to locate
the home of a man named Heiter.
c0000331
I see, so you're a visitor.
c0000332
[FRIEREN] The corrupt priest
is slow to die.
c0000333
[Heiter laughs]
c0000334
Turns out a stylish exit
c0000335
is harder to achieve
than I thought.
c0000336
[FRIEREN] I brought some liquor
to offer at your grave.
c0000337
Would you like a drink?
c0000338
I gave the stuff up.
c0000339
Ah.
c0000340
I doubt the Goddess
will forgive you.
c0000341
You're far too close
to corpse-hood
c0000342
to clean up your act now.
c0000343
[Heiter laughs]
c0000344
[fire crackling]
c0000345
Why, thank you, kind lady.
c0000346
[fire crackling]
c0000347
Who is she?
c0000348
Her name is Fern.
c0000349
She was orphaned by the wars
in the southern lands.
c0000350
My, how unexpected.
c0000351
I've never thought you
the type to do charity
c0000352
for charity's sake.
c0000353
That was always Himmel.
c0000354
Hm.
c0000355
Frieren, why did you come
visit me?
c0000356
I had a few errands to run
in the holy city.
c0000357
And I want to learn more
about those I have met
c0000358
and will meet on my travels.
c0000359
You've done me much good,
c0000360
so I came here
to repay my debts.
c0000361
I imagine your time
is running low.
c0000362
Hm.
c0000363
In that case, I have a request.
c0000364
Hm?
c0000365
Might you take on
an apprentice?
c0000366
Fern has potential as a mage,
but needs adequate training.
c0000367
Will you bring her with you
and strengthen her skills?
c0000368
[fire crackling]
c0000369
[FRIEREN]
Forgive me, Heiter,
c0000370
but I must draw a line.
c0000371
She'd only get in my way.
c0000372
We both know how often
apprentice mages
c0000373
die in battle.
c0000374
I will not send a child
my friend asked me
c0000375
to care for to her death.
c0000376
[HEITER]
Understood.
c0000377
I have another favor in mind.
c0000378
Huh?
c0000379
[HEITER]
This was unearthed
c0000380
from the tomb of Ewig the Sage.
c0000381
Inside this grimoire,
there is said to be a wealth
c0000382
of lost spells,
with powers ranging
c0000383
from resurrection
to immortality.
c0000384
I find it hard to believe
that such magic exists.
c0000385
[HEITER]
That's part of the reason
c0000386
why I'd like you
to decipher it.
c0000387
Up for the challenge?
c0000388
The code is largely
symbol-based.
c0000389
The people of this era
had a penchant
c0000390
for such things.
c0000391
I'll need at least
five or six years.
c0000392
Do what you can.
c0000393
Why do you want these spells
deciphered in the first place?
c0000394
You told us that death
doesn't worry you.
c0000395
When I said
I wasn't afraid to die,
c0000396
I may have been more concerned
c0000397
with my perceived courage
than the truth of my words.
c0000398
More than that,
c0000399
my fear has grown
since we spoke on the matter.
c0000400
And even if immortality
is out of my grasp,
c0000401
I'm not ready to go just yet.
c0000402
I'll take any more time
that I can.
c0000403
♪
c0000404
If you read the holy texts,
c0000405
you'll find instructions
to live a healthy life.
c0000406
What better
expression of health
c0000407
than a few more years?
c0000408
-Miscreant of the cloth.
-[laughs]
c0000409
Oh, and whenever you need
a break from your task,
c0000410
do you mind teaching Fern
the magic that you see fit?
c0000411
As a priest,
I lack the knowledge
c0000412
to further her studies
in magery.
c0000413
All right. That should be fine.
c0000414
[wind whooshing]
c0000415
[leaves rustling]
c0000416
There you are.
c0000417
I could scarcely find
any trace of you.
c0000418
Are the woods
your usual training grounds?
c0000419
[FERN]
I know I can be hard to find,
c0000420
but I didn't think
someone like you
c0000421
would have that same trouble.
c0000422
Master Heiter never knows
where I am.
c0000423
He says
I'm practically invisible.
c0000424
I think that is
a very good thing, don't you?
c0000425
It is indeed.
c0000426
[wind whooshing]
c0000427
[FRIEREN]
It's true.
c0000428
I can barely detect
her presence.
c0000429
Her control over her mana
is exceptional.
c0000430
How much could she have
studied at such a young age?
c0000431
[FERN]
Master Heiter said,
c0000432
once I'm able to blast
a hole in that rock,
c0000433
I'll be a proper mage.
c0000434
Huh.
c0000435
His idea is a decent one.
c0000436
That's a...
c0000437
[wind whooshing]
c0000438
My magic never makes it
to the other side.
c0000439
It just won't reach.
c0000440
I see the issue.
c0000441
Do you know any ways
I can train this skill?
c0000442
Yes, but can I ask you
something first?
c0000443
Do you like magic?
c0000444
I like it somewhat, I guess.
c0000445
[chuckles]
c0000446
[FRIEREN]
In that, we're alike.
c0000447
[HEITER]
Is Fern's training
c0000448
-coming along smoothly?
-Such a hero
c0000449
should be revered,
not left to crumble.
c0000450
[FRIEREN] But they're
well worth looking for.
c0000451
[HIMMEL] I'd like to show
you them someday.
c0000452
[FERN]
It didn't have to be magic.